When Alexander Bell invented the telephone he had 3 missed calls from Chuck Norris
Fear of spiders is aracnaphobia, fear of tight spaces is chlaustraphobia, fear of Chuck Norris is called Logic
Chuck Norris doesn't call the wrong number. You answer the wrong phone.
Chuck Norris has a grizzly bear carpet in his room. The bear isn't dead it is just afriad to move.
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
Chuck Norris died 20 years ago, Death just hasn't built up the courage to tell him yet.
If you rate this 5 roundhouse kicks, then Chuck Norris WILL roundhouse kick Justin Bieber's ass.
Chuck Norris has already been to Mars; that's why there are no signs of life.
Some magicans can walk on water, Chuck Norris can swim through land.
Chuck Norris and Superman once fought each other on a bet. The loser had to start wearing his underwear on the outside of his pants.
Chuck Norris doesn't flush the toilet, he scares the sh*t out of it
Chuck Norris can cut through a hot knife with butter
Chuck Norris once urinated in a semi truck's gas tank as a joke....that truck is now known as Optimus Prime.
Chuck Norris counted to infinity - twice.
Chuck Norris is the reason why Waldo is hiding.
Death once had a near-Chuck Norris experience
Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.
When the Boogeyman goes to sleep every night, he checks his closet for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris will never have a heart attack. His heart isn't nearly foolish enough to attack him.
Chuck Norris can win a game of Connect Four in only three moves.
Chuck Norris once kicked a horse in the chin. Its decendants are known today as Giraffes.
Chuck Norris once got bit by a rattle snake........ After three days of pain and agony ..................the rattle snake died
When Chuck Norris does a pushup, he isn't lifting himself up, he's pushing the Earth down.
Ghosts sit around the campfire and tell Chuck Norris stories.
There is no theory of evolution. Just a list of animals Chuck Norris allows to live.
The original title for Alien vs. Predator was Alien and Predator vs Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can light a fire by rubbing two ice-cubes together.
Chuck Norris doesn’t wear a watch. HE decides what time it is.
Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He stares them down until he gets the information he wants.
Chuck Norris made a Happy Meal cry.
There is no theory of evolution. Just a list of creatures Chuck Norris has allowed to live.
Chuck Norris' hand is the only hand that can beat a Royal Flush.
Chuck Norris does not sleep. He waits.
Did you know Chuck Norris is a famous inventor? He created pain, agony, torture, and puppies.
Outer space exists because it's afraid to be on the same planet with Chuck Norris.
Some people wear Superman pajamas. Superman wears Chuck Norris pajamas.
Chuck Norris destroyed the periodic table, because Chuck Norris only recognizes the element of surprise.
If you spell Chuck Norris in Scrabble, you win. Forever.
They once made a Chuck Norris toilet paper, but there was a problem: It wouldn't take shit from anybody.
Chuck Norris was in all 6 Star Wars movies............... As The Force.
Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door
Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle
Chuck Norris knows the last digit of pi.
Deaf people can hear Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris can choke a man with the cable of a wireless phone.
Chuck Norris' shadow stays ten steps behind him in fear of a roundhouse kick.
Chuck Norris was supposed to star in the tv show 'Man vs Wild', but the network did not want kids thinking 'lava is safe to eat'.
Chuck Norris can touch MC Hammer
chuck norris once gave a box of his old watches to a group of kids. these kids are now known as the power rangers
Chuck Norris doesn't need a GPS. Chuck Norris decides where he is. 
